Update IDP Discovery Policy with Multi IDP support (#2102)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/api/policy/index.md

    }
  }
```

#### Policy Action with multiple IdP instances <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

Multiple IdP istances can be defined in a single rule. It allows User to choose a Provider to login with.

##### Provider object

> **Note:** IdP types `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, and `IWA` don't require an `id`.

| Property                           | Description             | Data Type | Required |
| ---                                | ---                     | ---       | ---      |
| id                                 | Provider `id` in Okta   | String    | Yes      |
| type                               | Provider type           | `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, `IWA`, `X509`, `SAML2`, `OIDC`, `APPLE`, `FACEBOOK`, `GOOGLE`, `LINKEDIN`, `MICROSOFT` | Yes |
| name <ApiLifecycle access="ie" />  | Provider `name` in Okta | String    | No       |

##### Limitations

> * Single rule can contain with up to 10 providers

Author: I've rephrased it a little bit. Meant Policy Action

    }
  }
```

#### Policy Action with multiple IdP instances
<ApiLifecycle access="ie" />

> **Note:** This feature is only available as a part of the Okta Identity Engine. Please [contact support](mailto:dev-inquiries@okta.com) for further information.

> Multiple IdP instances can be defined in a single Policy Action. It allows User to choose a Provider to sign in with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple IdP instances can be defined in a single Policy Action. This allows users to choose a Provider when they sign in.
```

##### Provider object

> **Note:** IdP types `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, and `IWA` don't require an `id`.

| Property                           | Description             | Data Type | Required |
| ---                                | ---                     | ---       | ---      |
| id                                 | Provider `id` in Okta   | String    | Yes      |

> | type                               | Provider type           | `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, `IWA`, `X509`, `SAML2`, `OIDC`, `APPLE`, `FACEBOOK`, `GOOGLE`, `LINKEDIN`, `MICROSOFT` | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type                               | Provider type. Possible values: `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, `IWA`, `X509`, `SAML2`, `OIDC`, `APPLE`, `FACEBOOK`, `GOOGLE`, `LINKEDIN`, `MICROSOFT`  | String | Yes |
```

> | type                               | Provider type           | `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, `IWA`, `X509`, `SAML2`, `OIDC`, `APPLE`, `FACEBOOK`, `GOOGLE`, `LINKEDIN`, `MICROSOFT` | Yes |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| type                               | Provider type. Possible values: `OKTA`, `AgentlessDSSO`, `IWA`, `X509`, `SAML2`, `OIDC`, `APPLE`, `FACEBOOK`, `GOOGLE`, `LINKEDIN`, `MICROSOFT`           | String | Yes |
```
